1. I’m open to mostly any work right now but my ambition is to be able to get into work within a creative field. I have had previous experience assisting in photoshoots and I am willing to work my way up in a company. 
2. ⁠the work I produce independently has mostly been on location, but I have experience in studio settings. I think myself as someone who is quite versatile so I am willing to work in whichever capacity I am needed. 
3. ⁠a dream job would be to make a living as a freelance photographer, although realistically I know I don’t currently have the foundation nor demand for that. I am open to start as an intern, junior of assistant. 
4. ⁠One shoot that I am proud of involved a woman that was part of a group I had met at a concert in Camden. A few weeks after meeting, I was tasked with producing an editorial piece which I decided to focus on that group of people and the culture within the fan base of the band we all went to see (grandson). After reaching out to this woman and arranging to meet at London Euston station, we went around various areas and into Camden Town taking photos. While we were in constant communication about places that looked good to shoot in, I took the initiative to direct her when posing. This was in several different locations and in different settings. In the end, I was able to use photos from that shoot in the aforementioned editorial project. The model later posted some of the photos on her Instagram as well. 
5. ⁠my most recent experience working in photography was for Tempest Photography taking graduation photos at the University of Wolverhampton. This consisted of setting up and running my own studio, leading and directing shots of graduates in line with Tempest’s very strict framing instructions. Many of these graduates were unsure of how they should pose and it was my responsibility to get their gown and cap fixed along with putting them in the right position for each shot. As there were hundreds of people in the space at once, there was a considerable amount of pressure with the time spent taking each graduate’s photos. This was because of the steady stream of people often leaving little time for breaks in between. 
6. ⁠photos I have taken for 121 collective (a group of architects) appear on their website, I have also had a photo used in a local online news report, and after shooting the National Film Awards and National Reality TV Awards in 2023, there were a number of attendees who later posted my photos of them on their Instagram pages. 
7. ⁠while working for Tempest Photography I had to set up the entire studio. Lights, backdrop, printer ,camera to computer software links etc. at the end of the week, I also had to take it all down and pack it away. 
8. ⁠during my second year of university I was given a live brief which involved working with a company to shoot at an event they were holding in the local area. In the time before the event I took it upon myself to engage with the people at the company and form a mutually beneficial working relationship. Through talking to them I was able to get a sense of what they wanted from me and what kinds of shots would be most useful for them. This connection with the company would lead to me working with them further on several other occasions. 
9. ⁠my primary software that I use to edit is lightroom. I sometimes use Adobe Bridge before putting my work into lightroom. I also have a basic knowledge of photoshop and premier pro. 
10. ⁠n/a
11. ⁠I have experience in shooting events such as sports, protests, parties and festivals. I also have experience in shooting portraits as eluded to in my work with Tempest. Street photography is something I have a lot of experience in shooting. The only areas of the list I have not had any experience in are product shots and reels/TikToks
12. ⁠I do not currently own a camera but I primarily shoot on Canon cameras such as an EOS 60D 
13. The three projects that are most representative of my style right now are my football based project focusing on the fans and culture of football, “we’re all alone in this together” a collection of self portraits and street photography, and finally “how they feel” which is a long form series of portraits written on by those in the photos. 
14. ⁠website
15. ⁠Tempest Photography, National Film Awards, National Reality TV awards
16. ⁠true to life, meaningful storytelling through photography. 
17. ⁠I graduated with a 2:1 BA in photography, I also have a UAL Level 3 extended diploma in Crrative Media Production (film & TV) 
18. ⁠I once spent a day at a specialist school for young people who do not fit into mainstream education. I spent the day giving talks to classes from years 8-11 about my journey in education and how I worked my way from a position similar to them up to where I was at that point, in university. During my final year at university I also collaborated with graphic design students to make a zine. 
19. ⁠my work was featured in Flux exhibition at Espascio Gallery in Shoreditch 
20. ⁠I am based in Kingston Upon Thames and I’m willing to commute throughout London and surrounding areas provided travel can me compensated for outside of zones 1-6. 
21. ⁠I do not have a driving license currently 
22. ⁠full time, part time, evenings
23. ⁠I am open to unpaid/low paid work as long as there is a pathway to increase pay as I work my way up. 
24. What made me fall in love with photography was the ability to tell stories through pictures. Along with that was the notion of capturing a moment in time which can’t be captured again. I found that concept quite fascinating. 
25. ⁠in 2-3 years I hope to be in a position where I am working in some kind of creative field even if it means having to work my way up
26. ⁠I feel I gain the most compliments on my commitment and my work rate. When I’m all in, I’m all in.